what's going on shady people shady
penguin here with a very special video
and I know I've said probably forty
thousand times just in the last week but
i have to thank you guys first of all
because this is our 100k not special but
special and announcements are under k
special announcement video boy get
started if you can to show some shady
love to that like button right below
this video so all the shady people that
have ever subscribed a 100,000 of you
hundred thousand-plus find out about the
special in the details that are going to
be further announced so before we go
anywhere else it's crazy because you
guys can see that i'm wearing this shirt
and a lot of you guys might not even
know what the shirt is but this shirt
was the first shirt that i had designed
and i think i think it was designed
around twenty twenty thousand twenty
thousand subscribers i think i cannot
remember exactly but new d7 designed the
shirt and they still to this day remains
one of my favorite shirt of all time um
yeah those of you Baba think it's weird
that i wear my own sure it's a lot but
it's something I'm proud of it's not
like I designed these and I'm proud of
I'm proud of you guys I'm proud of the
shady people so I'm proud to wear
something thats related to the shady
people because it's just such a cool
thing to be a part of um what that being
said this has been a crazy long road and
I have a couple ideas in a little of
that in order to celebrate them with you
guys so what we're going to be doing is
next friday i believe the date is let me
check wanna double-check 18 July
eighteenth at two or three I haven't
side of this yet to is 5 no 2 is 73 is
83 is 12 too is 11 time zones time zone
I think I might end up doing 3pm so 3
p.m. eastern there will be a time zone
converter down in the description
because I am terrible time zone so you
can't ask me what time it is near time
zone use the converter in the
description if you do not know what time
zone 3 p.m. eastern
your time zone because i'd honestly
don't know what it is in whatever
hawaiian central mountain Eastern's
about japanese time I have no idea I
have no idea so you guys that time zone
the dirdir in converter it's gonna be
starting it's gonna be a live stream on
YouTube this live stream um will not be
on Twitch only because only because it's
a YouTube 100k special and I don't want
one of the streams being ahead of the
other because I want this to be as
together as possible everyone
experiencing at the same time so this is
this is going to be the basic layout of
the street we're going to start off the
stream with a 100 k QA and how we're
going to do that is you guys on this
video we're gonna leave one comment one
comment with hashtag chu and a pest
akshay to chew and egg is acting shady
i'm chef hashtag shady Q&A and then
leave your question do not leave more
than one comment please and before you
leave your comment because i know you
already starting to leave your comment
think about your question make it a good
one go ahead and look through the
comments if they're already if you here
early go to leave your common to be that
way but go and look through the comments
and you see other questions or your
questions already down there give it a
thumbs up and comment again on that
comment so that it gets a lot of replies
that way I'll know it's very popular
question that I definitely want to
answer during the Q&A I'm gonna do my
best to answer all of the questions but
I want this special to be around at most
three hours that's one aiming former I'm
a remaining for 3 p.m. to six pm July
eighteenth eastern standard time go
figure out what time years own is going
to be but that's something you guys do
to leave your Q&A and i'm gonna go in
i'm gonna read them off live i am going
to say your username when I answer your
question and that's how it's gonna be
also if you leave replies and you're
agreeing with a question I'm gonna read
your name again note though if I if I
see your name multiple times i'm not
going to read multiple times i'm just
gonna skip over your questions so please
be sure that you
only comment once on this video I never
say that usually I love all the commons
bring them all but I would love with
everyone comment at once that would be
really cool to see you guys all have
questions or you agree with the
questions finesse you know like it you
know oh you know how the deal is I love
when you guys interact that's my
favorite part about this channel I got
any odds you guys that's my favorite
part it's seeing all the shady people
come together in a comment section and
like talk to each other exchange friend
codes when i stream and you guys are all
to chat I love it I absolutely love that
so much that is the best thing in the
world to me um so that's how we're
kicking it all we're gonna do a QA then
what we're gonna do is we're all going
to watch we are all going to watch one
more time we are a call going to watch
the top shady moments from 0k to a
hundred K so that's going to be a video
that's gonna be released during the
street in the middle of the stream I'm
gonna make that video public and we're
all going to watch it together and
experience together basically i'll watch
it on the stream as well and we'll be
able to laugh and have a good time
remembering all the shady bones maybe
you won't recognize something because
you may be new it but that little cool
cuz you get the experience you will not
have missed out on any of the top shady
moments that way so we're going to do
that to get on the stream and then
finally what we're gonna do on the
stream is i've written a song based on
basically i wouldn't say it's basically
a thank you so much i say thank you so
much anyway so yeah why not put it in
solid form at but yeah i'm gonna either
play that live or I'm going to play it
if I recorded here any week i'm not sure
what I want to do yet I might record it
that way you guys can download it or
whatever if you guys didn't want I don't
know whatever but that's gonna be the
hunter case special base which a live
Q&A I'm going to do the top shady
moments that's probably gonna be a
decently long video to be honest if you
guys we're all gonna watch together we
really I really I can't wait for that I
can showcase some of these moments you
guys are gonna see some of these moments
are the best moments of my life so it's
really really it's gonna be really cool
and finally you guys gonna hear that
tell me to rough you guys and then maybe
we'll close out the stream of the battle
because what is a shady penguin stream
without a battle so that's going to be
remembered keep your schedule open this
friday july 18 3 p.m. eastern time zone
converter in the description below i
really hope to see all of you guys there
i think if we can break some crazy
number of viewers on youtube for this
hundred k special that would be the best
gift in the world so bookmark that day I
know can you book working day schedule
put it down in your calendars who has a
calendar anyone what's on your phone you
just gotta be there you just got to be
there's gonna be a fun time he's gonna
be awesome we're gonna have them on
clothes out of battle I don't know what
type of battle yet perhaps perhaps we'll
do a free for all that weight three of
you guys to get in the battle s will do
will do a free for wear and close up
that stream the free for all so please
like this video so the rest of the sheet
if you can see it this is one of the few
times that I'm genuinely legged I'm
Jimmy described I'm trying to say forget
forget it I just want as many of you
guys to be there if as easy as you can
so remember July 18 3 p.m. on this
channel links the live event will be in
the description as well hopefully if not
keep your eye out for it it's gonna come
up on the channel and there we go have
yourselves a good day but above all else
keep it shave keep it cheeki